Web: Fail app hydration gracefully and forget refresh token on 401s (#3549)
realm/realm-js: packages/realm-web/CHANGELOG.md

?.?.? Release notes (2020-??-??)
=============================================================

### Breaking Changes
* None

### Enhancements
* None

### Fixed

> * Fixed failures while hydrating an app, such that  ([#3549](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/3549))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A more robust implementation of app-hydration. Errors are now logged instead of thrown. ([#3549](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/3549))
```

> * Fixed a lock happening if refresh access token or custom user data resulted failed. Tokens is now forgotten any request using the refresh token results in a 401 response. ([#3549](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/3549))

Reviewer: This sentence is not clear (I'm not sure I made it that much better...).
```suggestion
* Fixed a potential lock, when refreshing an access token or fetching custom user data, failed due to 401/unauthorized. An unauthorized response, during token-refresh, will now clear all the users' tokens. ([#3549](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/3549))
```
